Update taxonomy_diagram.md (#1281)
instructlab/taxonomy: docs/taxonomy_diagram.md

## Taxonomy diagram

> **Note**: This is a cut-down version of the taxonomy. This is not complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Note]
> This diagram shows a subset of the taxonomy. It is not a complete representation.
```
